Optimize documentation for disableAutoLogin (#1223)
SAP/luigi: docs/authorization-configuration.md

### How do I show some navigation nodes only to non-authenticated users?

> To show certain nodes only to logged-out users, use the [anonymousAccess](navigation-parameters-reference.md#anonymousaccess) parameter.

Author: ```suggestion
To show certain nodes only to not-logged-in users, use the [anonymousAccess](navigation-parameters-reference.md#anonymousaccess) parameter.
```
